hi guys I just want to feel my video and
show you what my older brother got my
mom just to get it for her I guess the
show that he loved her and stuff like
that very good gift here is the box
early big some AC
and it came with the he had it wrapped
up in this role I'm just going to paper
so as you can see but was not right
there
coach
coach / move cute I have after speed
handles but has this attitude good i
guess if you don't want to use this one
I guess you just put it under the first
price tag stow it and no is real my back
hurts here's the little tight 30
how it looked inside Sylvester hyper and
consumers got it today is just plain
grey a half Isis little hook inside of
it yes we give us up something on it
here's the coach paper that's inside the
third
yes I came in to take this back I guess
the limb protector or whenever it was
the online you know with you back before
come on was very happy with her presence
what wasn't just a present in the time I
was just like a gift to be given for her
is her she was happy I'm trying to show
you how to better view of it
it's the black multi I guess that's
cause I don't know how to I don't be
knowing the name of persons cuz i
believe it's been neighbors versus
didn't know what what I could miss
Ingram but i'm pretty sure to look it up
are you looking a story you'll see it
back in the thing and look to the back
of that if i might not wear it all the
time i might not want to mess it up time
I wear it on special occasions but she
likes a lot so nice name mama don't you
can choose five job no one so yeah i
just want to show you how my mom's purse
sitting on person i'm a diva what's in
my first video i know i said i deleted
it it was like I didn't like the video i
looked at real dark and ugly and it so i
believe me I'm like another one and I
kind of like six time I post a little
bit and I switched my purse so it's
gonna be a different person because I
got way too much stuff in it so yeah
well I might do it after this video but
I don't know yet and that's it Oh God
have a nice day thanks oh and thanks for
everybody that's subscribing fine